hello everyone here problem 6000 cobas
today we are going to start a new series of
constructions and tutorials of minecraft
and good as these nikos tell us what
we are going to do today because I am very bad
but very very bad let's make the house
smallest in the world but it's that fran
he always forgets something lately
We have done it well for the first time
boy although this one is not recorded in
actually yes but he and hate and
after that it will be home worth voucher worth
I'm going to show you okay, we make the hole
yes, but because you do not look at me
we make another
and we do another if and we cover and we're
protected and is good guys many
thank you for watching this video
let's do it seriously the house of the
truth is that it contains everything explains
the objects that I have I 'm going
showing also the objects that it has
a chest a pumpkin with light
option is a chest to sell a button
seeds a bed earth a lever a
oven one an iron door once
the graf tea or a diamond handle
once enchantment and an anvil that
such is perfect, so let's proceed
I make two holes here and you already
proceeds is good first we start with
the two holes and we put these two
pumpkins here we break this pumpkin and
we put a bed understands perfect and
now here we make two holes and good
this should be covered but I do not know why
what do we put two holes and we put
a chest and a pardon a horn and this and
So here we put two chests
Balearic
after the chests what we have to
do is put here one of these
for the perfect seeds and earth and
we put a hoe
and a seed to give and now we put
the doors that we now put to look
but you can look at the market and today I'm
looking at vale we put here a how is
this here what here here to see what else
I 'm missing because I'm taking things out
that we have already made known if it is worth and this
that here does not serve me anymore and award here and
this good then we put here we have
that put a table of enchantment and
so he asked the hospice
and here we put in an anvil that is going to
put in reality what we have to put
well up water by vale not all
seeds will you put the anvil if
we would be what we are going to put here
so they know the anvil because if not
we can put wants to lose the left
lose remember the anvil is worth yes and
here we put this the stand of the
Potions are worth and now the doors do not and
Now we have to put the doors but
not before the oxidant
I still put a lever here is worth
perfect voucher with the doors I put
the doors the truth is that put the
doors is the easiest but clear that
work was going to leave me with the
the fools and the work then your whore
mother
The buckles are worth the challenge but I put it
again
but well, people understood about the
bonus seeds
well here what we are going to do is going to be
something very handsome is worth it because shit
the seeds looks like this is worth it here we go
to put a bucket of water, it is worth but
close the doors
here is one of these and here
and besides that, what we are going to do
to be put here a chest inside a
coffer of the end then you can enter
here move the committee below and you can
enter here to both things you can
sleep and can do everything is table
coffee or enchantment oven hood
close with this I lock myself
there it is closed
I have it
ay ay
Whore life and you can cheat
your friends the truth is that
It's very very very well made and it's super
complete if with this you open here and open
the boxes and insane there and it 's worth
perfect because we can fire or not
we say goodbye, you do not want to be the same or
we say goodbye to hide and seek
and good guys I hope that I have
liked this mini tutorial you already know with
with good things we have
frank and me what good frank always
It's my fault and I hope that I have
liked this video you will enter both
channels are always to blame frank
for knowing good lie and I hope that you
have liked it as always I tell you a
like and a favorite helps a lot like that
that nothing until then frank is the time
of sunset or how is the time of sunset
it will be premonition of something will not be
chan everything are cha cha cha cha